Release-1.1.0 (#116)
grafana/google-bigquery-datasource: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## 1.1.0

> This release comes with a new feature which enables using different projects for different queries. In order to see projects listed in the query editor you need to enable the [Cloud Resource Manager API](https://console.cloud.google.com/apis/library/cloudresourcemanager.googleapis.com).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release comes with a new feature that enables using multiple BigQuery projects using a single data source. In order to see GCP projects listed in the query editor, you need to enable the [Google Cloud Resource Manager API](https://cloud.google.com/resource-manager).
```
